PLSR Deprecated message docs (#621)
confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent: docs/data-sources/confluent_schema_registry_cluster.md

- `api_version` - (Required String) An API Version of the schema version of the Schema Registry cluster, for example, `stream-governance/v2`.
- `kind` - (Required String) A kind of the Schema Registry cluster, for example, `Cluster`.
- `rest_endpoint` - (Required String) The HTTP endpoint of the Schema Registry cluster, for example, `https://psrc-00000.us-west-2.aws.confluent.cloud`.

> - `private_rest_endpoint` - (Required String, **Deprecated**) The private HTTP endpoint of the Schema Registry cluster, for example, `https://lsrc.us-west-2.aws.private.confluent.cloud`. Please use the `private_networking_config.private_regional_rest_endpoint` attribute instead, which supersedes the `private_rest_endpoint` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `private_rest_endpoint` - (Required String, **Deprecated**) The private HTTP endpoint of the Schema Registry cluster, for example, `https://lsrc.us-west-2.aws.private.confluent.cloud`. Please use the `private_regional_rest_endpoints` attribute instead, which supersedes the `private_rest_endpoint` attribute.
```
